who are you???

hi im iria. im a person from the philippines and im an isp 5w6 sp *what the hell is that?* well, its an mbti
and enneagram, if you don't understand it, go here (istp site) and here (enneagram site). i.. honestly
just scroll on my phone all day so if you text me, ping me, whatever, i can respond asap. (even if
you dont). i use she/he pronouns and lean more on he/him.

boundaries :ooo

i am genuinely fine with nsfw, slow responses, slurs (with context), spam (dont flood me), vents (though
im not good at responding/giving emphatetic help)
whats on the line is my age (i wont tell), calls when i dont know you personally/irl, loud noises
i am NOT okay with bigotry (transphobic, racist, whatever), manipulators, trolls, negative people (like
"look at me! im so depressed! pity me!" people)

interests

i love coding, cats, science, memes, games.
i hate bugs, spam, slow internet, small talk, loud noises (though, i do care if the noise is silly.)
/nl in detail (likes), cats are fun. they dont obsessively want my attention and honestly, theyre fluffy beasts.
science is epik too, especially psychology and chemistry (i lean more about psychology). seriously, learning
about humans are so cool??? and games, if my laptop wasnt a sh	itty 2017 laptop i did an ssd transplant on, id
play games on this alll dayyy... but it heats up so bad it makes the battery complain when i play minecraft 
for like ~18 minutes so yeah. 
/nl in detail (hates), bugs piss me off. the feeling when they get on your skin when you least expect it? 
oh my god. spam.. i know i said im fine with spam in my boundaries but it gets to a point. if you spam me
60 images of the same thing or just random keywords, please stop. slow internet is like, self-explanatory, im 
always on the internet. small talk is kind of awkward in my opinion, and in the digital world where everything
wants your attention... well, that makes it weirder. loud noises are fine, if i find it funny and im alone
i wont get mad

quirks

i keysmash my keyboard (dpsa-r[3l2t;gfgbk) when im confused or something, its mostly a fallback when i cant type
"what do you mean??" i also spam 😼 (cat with a wry smile) because it looks silly. kill me.